

Explain what the Linux kernel is in simple words.
	Interface between software applications and hardware, processor

Can you edit the Linux kernel?
	Yes, but it's not easy or recommended unless you really need it.

What are the advantages of Linux being open-source software?
	Community can contribute and find bugs. Non-proprietary

What is a shell in Linux?
	Command interface to kernel functionality

What loader does Linux use?
	GRUB, past LILO

How do you rename a saved file in Linux?
	mv - Move command

How is Solaris software related to Linux?
	Solaris Sun's proprietary version, contributed to Linux

What are internal commands?
	ls, cat, ps, grep, pipe, etc.

What are the most commonly used shells in Linux?
	Bourne shell - sh, 
	Bourne Again shell - bash, 
	Z shell - zsh

What are system calls?
	open, read, write, close, fork, exit, exec, sleep

Explain what the bash shell is.
	Bourne Again Shell, bash, uses .cshrc file for variables, alias

How can you work with Microsoft files on your Linux OS?
	dos2unix for file conversion ^H 

How do you connect Linux systems to Microsoft resources?
	Use components like SAMBA , but other. 
	dos2unix to convert text files
	cygwin - on Dos

How are system configuration files stored in Linux OS?
	/etc 
	/etc/sysconfig

Explain virtual desktops.
	Remote Desktops - VNC, NoMachine
	UI for accessing filesystem, commands, applications
	CDE, KDE, Gnome, Unity, Mint

Name the file permissions available in Linux.
	read, write, execute for user, group, owner
	chmod 777 - wide open
	chmod 644 - read/write for owner, read for users, groups
	special third digit - User must have execute rights for setuid to work

Define CLI.
	Command Line Interface

What is a process ID?
	For every task there is process ID that can be monitored using "top"
	or if you know the name of the application by its process name you can 
	use "ps -ef | grep myname", get the process ID then to kill, "kill -9 PID"
	

How can a user execute a process at a pre-decided time?
	There is the "at" command but I have never used it
	Use of the "cron" utility for periodic tasks I know better

What are the unique file names assigned by Linux OS called?
	file descriptor - unique ID

Discuss zombie processes.
	processes that have completed but have not released or killed themselves.
	maybe called orphans?

Mention some common usages of Linux in the industry.
	C++ like applications runing native 64bit UNIX applications
	Application servers, like Jetty, NGinx, 
	Databases like Oracle, MySQL, Postgres, MSQL

How would you find out the total memory used by processes in Linux?
	top command
	top -o MEM  (for memory)

What are the different types of Linux directory commands and why are they important?
	pwd, ls, mkdir, cd, rm -r, file, find, 

Explain the concept of a shell script in Linux.
	As set of commands that can be executed with logic and arguments
	that runs on the system commands you might perform on the CLI

Which system calls are available for process management in Linux?
	fork, exec, exit, wait
	sleep, kill, 

Explain what makes Linux a secure operating system.
	The concept of a superuser and strict file permissions for execution only 
	by permitted users. Opensource management.

What do you know about grep commands in Linux? Please explain.
	grep is one of my most useful tools.
	Find a text string inside of a file in the entire filesystem below you:
	find . -type f | xargs grep -i "mystring"

Please elaborate on the effect of multiple desktop environments on a Linux system.
	It may not be a problem for some chosen desktops, but some conflicts 
	can happen with file conventions when two different desktops access
	the same filesystem one after the other. Best to stick with one or what 
	does not cause problems.

What is the standard size for a swap partition while using a Linux system?
	Double the size of RAM installed? 64KB RAM -> 128KB SS

