
Pull requests:

Bamboo:

	Create your own HipChat room.o
	Deployment Projects:
	  https://builds.trstone.com/deploy/viewAllDeploymentProjects.action
		triggers, emails

Question: When it comes to creating Quick Filters in the Jira Board, I seem to have a set already available. 
Do I customize this for myself, or leave it as one for the team?

	Swimlanes: Based on component, and who it's assigned to.

	Like Kanban but end dates are assigned; Sprint ends.
	Not actionable until new board?

Swimlane Orca:

	50K view: Mobile team and Web team: 
		Mobile client, Single solution, Unified solution
		English:  Take assessment test to place them in:
			Foundations, RSA, AEB

			Foundations: No experience ("sefer level") A1 or A2 ??

			Higher Level: Why do you want to learn this level?

			RSA or AEB

			RSA - Tell Me More, aquired by RS, with all languanges teach at higher levels
			Placing into B1, B2, C1

			AEB - I want to learn English because I want to work in business

Beta Version: Orca

	Web version of product: 
	Launch into a single Chrome: Client is the same with Web and Mobile
	Orca server is not real but a mockup; Still needs to be created.
	Orca server needs to be created.

Reach out to Eric where Orca testing can be done.

Moving stories:

	Move from one column to another is based on "Ready for QA" or "Ready for Release"

Bypass story movement:

	Open the story, Workflow -> In Test -> Ready for Release
	But usually just -> In Test if not availble by the board

	Moving a story sends contacts an email, so be aware.

Story Conversion maybe from Story to Bug:

	#Kind of hidden
	Go to More: -> Move -> AEB Web(AEB) -> Change from Story to Bug

Back to the Board:

Continuous Delivery: 

	No Fixed Version  

For all others (Fixed Version specified), use No Filters

Ticket Notification and Watches:

	Go to the ticket and click Watchers: Start watching this issue

Next Swimlane: Aria Web:

	Tickets for AEB, SFH, Spanish For Healthcare, SEU - "Saudi"? Electronic University

RSM(C) - Rosetta Stone Manager

	RSM Back End - Titan - (Kirk's architecture) 
		May be CD or Scheduled Release

Example: Ticket that requires a CouchDB change has to roll on the Fixed schedule

	Because of this dependency, CD has to wait for the CouchDB release.

All Deployment Projects

	Admin Tools, Launchpad - RSM Front End (FE) product
	Everything else is Back End or AEB
	Prism - Reporting
	Mercury - Refactoring right now, strictly Mobile
	Tuesday - RSM release
	Wednesday - Sharktopus release

Bob's Board Hygene

	Skipping 1.49
	Working on 1.50
	Ideal world, stories moved to Ready for QA
	Prior Tuesday is Bug cutoff before release
	Thursday prior to release final regression (4 days)

Regression Tests

	Suite of regressions 
		http://aptest.rosettastone.local/browse
		Run by team in India (most steps)
	Brandon Evans - Automated Tests

For Mark's Tickets:

	Filter for RSM and look at Ready for QA
	Or for CD, turn the filters off and look for tickets

QA Environments:

	QA1 - Titan and BE ge
	QA2 - AEB (FE Testing) and owned on Bob - Rollout on Tuesday
	QA3 - RSM's playground, generally leave alone
	QA4 - Now Livemocha, but being retired
	QA5 - Not sure, may be available

	Stay away from triggers
	Dancer - Live scheduling, has a trigger but not relevant

	CouchDB - Callisto 
		BitBucket for CouchDB




	CD tickets should be spared for all environments until production



